feat(scan): implement scan functionality (#43)
NeuraLegion/secbox-sdk-js: packages/scan/README.md

# @secbox/scan

> The package defines a simple public API to manage scans, create, and send the reporters after the scan has been finished.

Reviewer: "reporters"/"reports" both seem to be out of scope of this package and not mentioned in doc further

  query: {
    hello: 'world',
    foo: 123
  }
});

console.log(target.queryString); // hello=world&foo=123
```

If you need to pass an array, you can do it using a `URLSearchParams` instance:

```ts
import { Target } from '@secbox/scan';

const target = new Target({
  url: 'https://example.com',
  query: new URLSearchParams([
    ['key', 'a'],
    ['key', 'b']
  ])
});

console.log(target.queryString); // key=a&key=b
```

> This will override the query string in url.

It is possible to define a custom serializer for query parameters:

```ts
import { Target } from '@secbox/scan';
import { stringify } from 'qs';

const target = new Target({
  url: 'https://example.com',
  query: { a: ['b', 'c', 'd'] },
  serializeQuery(params: Record<string, string | string[]>): string {
    return stringify(params);
  }
});

console.log(target.queryString); // a[0]=b&a[1]=c&a[2]=d
```

#### headers

- type: `Record<string, string | string[]>`

The HTTP headers to be sent:

```ts
import { Target } from '@secbox/scan';

const target = new Target({
  url: 'https://example.com',
  headers: {
    'content-type': 'application/json'
  }
});
```

#### body

- type: `unknown`

> The data to be sent as the request body. The only required for `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, and `DELETE`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data to be sent as the request body. Makes sense only for `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, and `DELETE`:
```

# @secbox/scan

The package defines a simple public API to manage scans, create, and send the reporters after the scan has been finished.

## Setup

```bash
npm i -s @secbox/scan
```

## Usage

> ### ScanFactory

Reviewer 2: The docs should look like a step-by-step guide, not a dictionary enumerating all kind of entities) Look at other packages to see how it is done
